Add CAS Codenotary (#1213)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/add-ons/security.md

- Create an AppArmor profile
- Map folders read only if you don't need write access
- If you need any API access, make sure that you do not grant permission that aren't needed

> - Signing image with [Codenotary CAS](https://cas.codenotary.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign the image with [Codenotary CAS](https://cas.codenotary.com/)
```
